END USER SOFTWARE LICENSE AND MAINTENANCE AGREEMENT

Agreement No: ___________________ 
Effective Date: __________________ 

This Agreement covers the Licensed Products, Maintenance Services, and Services
that your company ("You" or "Customer") license (or purchase from Black Duck),
unless and until we enter into a new agreement that expressly replaces this
one.

The effective date of this Agreement is the effective date stated in the upper
right corner of this signature page which is the date last signed below (the
"Effective Date").



BLACK DUCK SOFTWARE, INC.  
800 District Avenue, 
Suite 201 
Burlington, MA 01803
United States



TERMS AND CONDITIONS


1. SCOPE AND KEY TERMS.

The Licensed Product is the proprietary information of Black Duck or its
suppliers who retain exclusive title to their intellectual property rights in
the Licensed Product.  Customer's rights to the Licensed Product are limited to
those expressly granted below and Black Duck reserves all rights not expressly
granted in this Agreement.

1.1 Purchasing Agreements.

The terms and conditions in this End User Software License and Maintenance
Agreement and the Purchasing Agreement(s) accepted by both Customer and Black
Duck contain all terms and conditions applicable to Customer's use of the
Licensed Product (collectively, the "Agreement").  A "Purchasing Agreement" is
a document that references this Agreement and identifies the specific Licensed
Product and rights being licensed hereunder, including the applicable License
Type, quantity, license term, Territory, Code Base, or other license
constraint, and the fees and payment terms for the Licensed Product licenses
(the "License Transaction").  An Affiliate of Customer may purchase licenses to
the Licensed Product by executing a Purchasing Agreement referencing this
Agreement; provided that this Agreement governs all such licenses and such
Affiliate complies with all Customer obligations referenced in this Agreement
and the Purchasing Agreement. Customer agrees that it shall be responsible for
the acts and omissions of its Affiliates with respect to any Licensed Product
licensed under an applicable Purchasing Agreement.  Customer agrees that
Customer purchases under this Agreement and any Purchasing Agreement
incorporated herein by reference are neither contingent on the delivery of any
future functionality or features nor dependent on any oral or written public
comments made by Black Duck regarding future functionality or features.

1.2 "Affiliate" of a party to this Agreement means another person or entity
that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under common
control with such party.  For the purposes of this definition, "control" means
owning a beneficial interest (either directly or indirectly) in more than 50%
of the outstanding shares or securities or other ownership interest entitled to
vote for the election of directors or similar managing authority.  An entity
shall be deemed to be an Affiliate under this Agreement for only so long as
such requisite conditions are maintained.

1.3 "Authorized User" means a Party's and its Affiliate's employees and
authorized contractors: (a) whose duties require access to or use of the
Licensed Product or Confidential Information for the benefit of that party; and
(b) whose legal obligations to protect confidential and proprietary information
require protection of the Licensed Product and Confidential Information to at
least the same extent as set out in this Agreement. 

1.4 "Code Base" means those portions of Customer's software identified in an
applicable Purchasing Agreement by reference to the name of the product,
project or package. 

1.5 "Documentation" means the user documentation, in written, electronic or
other format, which describes the Licensed Product and its operation and which
Black Duck makes generally available to its licensed customers for use with the
Licensed Product.

1.6 "License Type" means the usage rights purchased under the applicable
Purchasing Agreement. License Types offered by Black Duck from time to time can
be found at: https://www.blackduck.com/company/legal/license-types.html.

1.7 "Licensed Product" means the specific products (including hosted products
designated as "Subscription Services" in the Purchasing Agreement) provided by
Black Duck and listed in a Purchasing Agreement and (a)�all related
Documentation, and (b) all updates (including Licensed Product Updates),
modifications and maintenance services provided to Customer. 

1.8 "Licensed Product Updates" means features and functionalities of Licensed
Products which may be updated from time to time, including but not limited to
updated protocols for Defensics; updated checkers for Coverity; updated
definitions of, and metadata from open source and vulnerabilities related to
Open Source Software for applicable Black Duck labeled products; and updated
vulnerability definitions for Seeker. 

1.9 "Plug-In" means additional functionality or features available to an end
user through a standalone component used in conjunction with a Licensed
Product.

1.10 "Territory" means the specific country(ies) or geographical areas
identified in the applicable Purchasing Agreement to which Customer's usage of
the Licensed Product is limited.

1.11 "Hosting Services" shall have the meaning set forth in the Hosting
Services Addendum.


2. LICENSE.

2.1 License Grant.

Subject to Customer's compliance with this Agreement, Black Duck grants
Customer a nonexclusive, non-transferable license, solely during the license
term and in the Territory set out in the applicable Purchasing Agreement, to
(a) use and operate the Licensed Product to the extent permitted by Customer's
payment of applicable fees, solely for the purpose of developing, analyzing,
building or testing the Code Base, or other license constraint identified in
such Purchasing Agreement, and (b)�copy the Licensed Product as reasonably
necessary to exercise the license rights granted in subsection�(a), including
making a reasonable number of copies for backup and archival purposes.

2.2 Conditions.

The rights granted to Customer above are conditional upon Customer's compliance
with the following obligations:

a. Customer will not copy Black Duck's Licensed Products or Documentation, in
whole or in part, except as expressly authorized in this Agreement.

b. Customer will not transfer, assign, lease, lend or rent Black Duck's
Licensed Products or Documentation, use them to provide service bureau,
time-sharing or other services, or otherwise provide or make the functionality
thereof available to third parties, except as expressly authorized in this
Agreement.

c. Customer will not disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, modify or create
derivative works of the Licensed Products or Documentation nor permit any third
party to do so, except to the extent such restrictions are prohibited by
applicable mandatory local law.

d. Customer will not allow access or use of the Licensed Products by, and will
not display the Licensed Products' user interfaces to anyone other than the
Authorized Users without Black Duck's prior written consent.

e. Customer will not disclose to any third party any comparison of the results
of operation of the Licensed Products with other products.

f. Customer will not delete or in any manner alter the copyright, trademark or
other proprietary rights notices appearing on the Licensed Products as
delivered by Black Duck.  Customer will reproduce such notices on all copies
Customer is authorized to make of the Licensed Products.

g. Customer's use of the Licensed Products is time-limited to the licensed term
set out in the applicable Purchasing Agreement, and such use and access may be
monitored and regulated through a license management tool (the "License
Manager") and a Licensed Product Updates tool.  The License Manager will report
such data (collectively, "License Manager Data") to Black Duck.  Customer will
not install or use the Licensed Products in a manner that circumvents or
interferes with the operation of the License Manager, the Licensed Product
Updates tool or any other technological measure that controls access to the
Licensed Products. Some configurations may require the License Manager or the
Licensed Product Updates tool to be installed only on designated servers. For
those configurations, Black Duck will support two changes to the designated
servers during any twelve-month period upon prior written notice.

h. For telemetry data, Black Duck's Use and Compliance Data Policy is posted
at:
https://www.blackduck.com/company/legal/software-integrity/use-compliance-data-policy.html.

2.3. Applicable Fees, Taxes and Delivery.

All applicable fees are owed upon the effective date of the Purchasing
Agreement, are non-refundable upon such date, and are payable in accordance
with the payment schedule set out in the Purchasing Agreement.  All past due
amounts will incur interest at a rate of 1.5% per month or the maximum rate
permitted by law, whichever is less. If Customer does not pay an amount by the
scheduled due date, Black Duck will have the right to withhold the delivery of
the license keys and / or terminate the Purchase Agreement and accelerate the
due date of all remaining payments. In the foregoing event, Customer will owe
the entire outstanding balance as soon as Customer receives written notice from
Black Duck that payment is overdue. Fees payable are net amounts, without
deduction for taxes or duties. Customer will pay taxes and duties (including
but not limited to sales, use and withholding taxes) associated with its
purchases under the Purchasing Agreement, except for Black Duck's net income
taxes.  Taxes and duties are based on where the Licensed Products are
electronically delivered and where Services are delivered. Applicable sales tax
will be included on invoices for Licensed Products and / or Services.  Invoices
for Licensed Products and /or Services are issued upon Customer's execution of
the Purchasing Agreement.  Where practical, Black Duck will deliver the
Licensed Products electronically and delivery will be deemed to occur upon the
Licensed Products being available for electronic download.  Delivery of any
tangible media will be made F.O.B. point of shipment.

2.4. Offsite Contractors.

Customer may allow Authorized Users that are offsite contractors to access and
use the Licensed Products solely for Customer's benefit in accordance with this
Agreement provided that: (a) Customer is responsible for the acts and omissions
of its offsite contractors with respect to any Licensed Products licensed under
this Agreement; (b) Customer ensures that the Licensed Products are completely
and irretrievably uninstalled from any offsite contractor's equipment and
premises (except for those modules necessary to view results and other data
generated from using the Licensed Products) immediately upon completion of the
offsite contractor's services requiring use of the Licensed Products; and (c)
Customer has a written agreement in place with the offsite contractor requiring
that the offsite contractor protect the Licensed Products, Confidential
Information and intellectual property at least to the same extent as set forth
in this Agreement.  Customer acknowledges that Black Duck has no warranty or
other obligations to Customer's offsite contractors.

2.5. Licensed Product Updates.

Customers with licenses to Licensed Products are granted the right to use, as
part of the Licensed Products, such Licensed Product Updates as and when they
are made generally available to Black Duck's end user customers who have
purchased such maintenance/support offering and for such term as indicated in
the applicable Purchasing Agreement.  This Agreement does not otherwise permit
Customer to obtain and use Licensed Product Updates.

2.6. Special Terms for Third Party Software.

The Licensed Product may contain open source or community source software
("Open Source Software") provided under separate license terms (the "Open
Source License Terms").  The applicable Open Source License Terms are
identified in a directory named "Licenses" provided with the delivery of the
Licensed Product.  Customer's use of the Open Source Software in conjunction
with the Licensed Product in a manner consistent with the terms of this
Agreement is permitted, however, Customer may have broader rights under the
applicable Open Source License Terms and nothing in this Agreement is intended
to impose further restrictions on Customer's use of the Open Source Software.
Open Source Software is provided "AS-IS", WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND
BLACK DUCK FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  NEITHER BLACK DUCK NOR THE LICENSORS OF OPEN SOURCE
SOFTWARE SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST
PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY
WAY OUT OF THE USE OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Copyrights to Open Source Software are held
by the copyright holders indicated in the copyright notices in the
corresponding source files. 

2.7. Feedback and Analytics.

Customer may choose to, but is not required to, provide suggestions, data,
feedback and other information to Black Duck, its subcontractors or authorized
distributors regarding possible improvements in the operation, functionality or
use of Black Duck's Licensed Products ("Feedback").  Customer hereby grants to
Black Duck, its subcontractors and authorized distributors, a non-exclusive,
perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free and fully paid up license to use, copy,
display, modify, create derivative works of and distribute any Feedback, and to
make, have made, use, lease, sell, offer for sale, import, export or otherwise
transfer any Black Duck product offering covered by any intellectual property
rights in such Feedback solely for the purpose of (i) improving the operation,
functionality or use of its existing and future product offerings and
commercializing such offerings; and (ii) publishing aggregated statistics about
software quality, provided that no data in any such publication can be used to
specifically identify Customer or Customer's software code.

2.8. Keys and Access.

Black Duck agrees to provide Customer those authorization keys and/or
passwords, which are necessary to permit Customer to gain access to the
Licensed Product made available to Customer for the Licensed Product which has
been properly licensed to Customer in accordance with this Agreement.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Customer hereby
acknowledges that Customer shall have no right or license to any software made
available to Customer which has not been properly licensed to Customer pursuant
to this Agreement or the applicable Purchasing Agreement, or that has been
included therein solely as a matter of convenience, and that Customer agrees
not to attempt to gain access to, or permit any third party to attempt to gain
access to, such software.

2.9. Plug-Ins.

For Customers with valid licenses to the Licensed Products, Customer is hereby
granted the right to use, in conjunction with the Licensed Products, Plug-Ins
made available for use with the Licensed Products. No additional Purchasing
Agreements are required in connection with the use of such Plug-Ins.
Customer's right to use such Plug-Ins is provided under the terms of this
Agreement, including the license grant set forth in Section 2.1 of this
Agreement.  Any obligation of Black Duck under Sections 4.1 and 5.1 hereof, and
its obligations to provide Maintenance Services regarding Plug-Ins, shall apply
only to the extent that such Plug-In has been developed by Black Duck or
implemented for Customer by Black Duck and shall not extend to any conditions
arising from Customer's environment or changes made by any third party programs
that such Plug-In is used in conjunction with ("Modified Plug-Ins").  ALL
MODIFIED PLUG-INS ARE PROVIDED AS-IS", WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  BLACK
DUCK AND ITS PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH RESPECT TO SUCH MODIFIED
PLUG-IN, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  BLACK
DUCK AND ITS PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY MODIFIED PLUG-INS. 

3. CONFIDENTIALITY.

3.1. Confidential Information.

"Confidential Information" means: (a) each party's software products, in byte
code or source code form; (b) any authorization keys and passwords delivered in
order to operate such products; (c) Documentation, product road maps and
development plans, and product pricing information; (d) any business, technical
or training information of a party that, if disclosed in writing, is marked
"confidential" or "proprietary" at the time of disclosure, or, if disclosed
orally, is identified as "confidential" or "proprietary" at the time of
disclosure, and is summarized in a writing sent by the disclosing party to the
other party within thirty (30) days of such disclosure or, without a marking
requirement where the receiving party knows or reasonably should understand the
disclosure to be confidential or trade secret information; and (e)�Customer
specific terms and pricing set forth in any quotation, Purchasing Agreement or
this Agreement.

3.2. Exclusions.

Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) is or becomes
generally known or available to the public through no act or omission of the
party receiving Confidential Information ("Receiving Party"); (b) is rightfully
known by the Receiving Party prior to receiving such information from the other
party ("Disclosing Party") and without restriction as to use or disclosure; (c)
is independently developed by the Receiving Party without use of the Disclosing
Party's Confidential Information and without breach of this Agreement; or (d)
is rightfully received by the Receiving Party from a third party without
restriction on use or disclosure.  The existence of this Agreement and the
nature of the business relationship between the parties are not considered
Confidential Information.

3.3. Use and Disclosure Restrictions.

Receiving Party will not use the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information
except as necessary to exercise the rights granted under this Agreement or to
evaluate opportunities to license additional Licensed Products pursuant to this
Agreement, and will not disclose such Confidential Information to any person or
entity except to its Authorized Users.  Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Customer agrees that it will not post the Licensed Product, the
Documentation, or any screenshots of the Licensed Product or results generated
by the Licensed Product, on any network that is accessible by anyone other than
the Authorized Users.  The foregoing obligations will not restrict either party
from disclosing Confidential Information of the other party: (a) pursuant to
the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency, or other
governmental body, provided that the party required to make such a disclosure
gives reasonable notice to the other party to contest such order or
requirement; and (b) on a confidential basis to its legal or financial advisors
that need to know in order to provide business advice to such party.  In
addition, each party may disclose the terms and conditions of this Agreement:
(i) as required under applicable securities regulations; and (ii) on a
confidential basis to present or future providers of venture capital and
potential private investors in or acquirers of such party.

3.4. Right of Equitable Relief. 

The parties acknowledge that violations of the obligations of this Agreement
may cause the non-breaching party irreparable injury for which an adequate
remedy at law may not be available.  Therefore, the non-breaching party shall
be entitled to seek all remedies that may be available under equity, including
immediate injunctive relief, in addition to whatever remedies may be available
at law.


4. WARRANTY.

4.1. Limited Licensed Product Warranty.

Subject to the remainder of this Section 4, for a period of ninety (90) days
from earlier of the date that the Licensed Product is first made available to
Customer for download or Customer's first receipt of the Licensed Product
pursuant to an Purchasing Agreement, Black Duck represents and warrants that,
(a) the media on which the Licensed Product is delivered will be free of
defects in material and workmanship, (b) the Licensed Product will
substantially conform to the functional specifications set forth in the
applicable Documentation, and (c) it has used commercially available
virus-detection software to scan the Licensed Product, and it has not knowingly
introduced into the Licensed Product any virus, Trojan horse, trap door, or
other code that is intended to cause harm to the Code Base or other systems.

4.2. Sole Remedy.

If, during the warranty period set forth in Section 4.1, Black Duck receives
written notice from Customer of non-conformity of the Licensed Product with the
warranty set forth in Section 4.1, Black Duck will, as Customer's sole and
exclusive remedy and Black Duck's entire liability for such non-conformity:
(a)� deliver a correction or workaround for the non-conformity; or (b)�if Black
Duck is unable to deliver such a correction or workaround, provide written
notice to Customer and, upon Customer's return or confirmed destruction of all
copies of the non-conforming Licensed Product to Black Duck, refund the license
fees paid by Customer for such non-conforming Licensed Product.  THE FOREGOING
STATES CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR WARRANTY CLAIMS RELATED TO THE
LICENSED PRODUCT.

4.3. Disclaimer.

Black Duck does not warrant that the Licensed Product will meet Customer's
requirements, that the Licensed Product will operate in combinations with
equipment, devices, software or systems provided by persons other than Black
Duck, that the operation of the Licensed Product will be error-free or
uninterrupted, or that the Licensed Product will discover all open source or
third-party code, potential license conflicts, errors and vulnerabilities that
may reside in the Code Base.  EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT,
BLACK DUCK AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND
REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING THOSE RELATED TO
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY,
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF RESULTS, CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION, AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.  BLACK DUCK AND ITS SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND REPRESENTATIONS ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF
DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE.


5. INDEMNIFICATION.

5.1. Infringement Indemnity.

Black Duck will defend or settle any action brought against Customer by paying
all costs, damages and reasonable attorneys' fees that are finally awarded
against Customer to the extent those amounts are based upon a third party claim
that the Licensed Product, as provided by Black Duck to Customer under this
Agreement and used in accordance with this Agreement, directly infringes any
U.S. patent, or copyright or misappropriates any U.S. trade secret.  However,
Black Duck's obligations under this Section 5 are subject to the following
conditions: (a) Customer must promptly notify Black Duck in writing of the
action; (b) Customer grants Black Duck sole control of the defense and
settlement of the action; and (c) Customer must provide Black Duck, with all
assistance, information and authority reasonably requested for the defense and
settlement of the action.  Black Duck will not be responsible for any
compromise made or expense incurred without its consent.  If use of any of the
Licensed Product is, or in Black Duck's reasonable opinion is likely to be, the
subject of an action specified in this Section 5.1, Black Duck may, at its sole
option and at no additional charge: (i) procure for Customer the right to
continue using such Licensed Product; (ii) replace or modify such Licensed
Product so that it is non-infringing and substantially equivalent in function
to the original Licensed Product; or (iii) if options (i) and (ii) above are
not accomplished despite Black Duck's reasonable efforts, terminate Customer's
rights and Black Duck's obligations hereunder with respect to such Licensed
Product and refund the unamortized portion of the license fees paid for such
Licensed Product, based upon a straight-line depreciation over the term of the
license commencing as of the date Customer received such Licensed Product.

5.2. Exclusions.

Notwithstanding the terms of Section 5.1, Black Duck will have no liability for
any infringement or misappropriation action or claim of any kind to the extent
that it results from: (a) modifications to the Licensed Product made by a party
other than Black Duck, if the infringement or misappropriation would not have
occurred but for such modifications; (b) the combination, operation or use of
the Licensed Product with equipment, devices, software, systems or data not
supplied by Black Duck, if the infringement or misappropriation would not have
occurred but for such combination, operation or use; (c) Customer's failure to
use the updated or modified Licensed Product provided by Black Duck to avoid
infringement or misappropriation; (d) Black Duck's compliance with any designs
or specifications provided by Customer; and/or (e) Customer's use of the
Licensed Product other than as authorized by this Agreement.

5.3. Sole Remedy.

THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 5 SET FORTH BLACK DUCK'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
OBLIGATIONS, AND CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES, WITH RESPECT TO
INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY KIND.
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH ABOVE, BLACK DUCK AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED
OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNIFICATION.


6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

6.1. Exclusion of Damages.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this
Agreement does not limit liability due to death or personal injury caused by
gross negligence, or liability due to fraudulent misrepresentations or willful
misconduct, or liability arising from breaches of confidentiality obligations
or license grants or conditions hereunder.  SUBJECT TO THE FOREGOING SENTENCE,
IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY, OR ITS SUPPLIERS, BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING
LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS OR PROFITS, REVENUE, GOODWILL, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS)
OR FOR THE COST OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ARISING OUT OF
THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE), FAILURE OF A REMEDY TO ACCOMPLISH ITS PURPOSE, STRICT LIABILITY OR
OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  Customer
acknowledges that Black Duck would not be able to provide the Licensed Product
without the limitations set forth in this Section 6.  Customer may have other
rights under applicable mandatory local laws. This Agreement does not change
Customer's rights under applicable mandatory local laws if such laws do not
permit it to do so. 

6.2. Cap on Liability.

IN NO EVENT WILL BLACK DUCK, ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS SUBSIDIAIRIES, OR ITS
SUPPLIERS' AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OR RELATING TO ITS SUBJECT
MATTER, EXCEED WITH RESPECT TO ANY LICENSED PRODUCT, THE AMOUNT PAID BY
CUSTOMER FOR THE LICENSED PRODUCT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM, AND WITH RESPECT TO
SERVICES, THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE
CLAIM. 


7. EXPIRATION AND TERMINATION.

7.1. Term of Agreement.

The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date of this Agreement
and will end when this Agreement is terminated by either party in accordance
with this Section 7. 

7.2. Term of Purchasing Agreement.

Each Purchasing Agreement will have its own term, as indicated by the license
term applicable to the Licensed Product licensed under such Purchasing
Agreement.

7.3. Termination for Breach.

Either party will have the right to terminate this Agreement or any Purchasing
Agreement if the other party breaches any material term of the Agreement or
Purchasing Agreement, as the case may be, and if such breach is capable of
cure, the breaching party fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days
after receiving written notice thereof.  Either party will have the right to
terminate this Agreement if the other becomes insolvent or makes an assignment
for the benefit of creditors, or a trustee or receiver is appointed for such
other party or for a substantial part of its assets, or bankruptcy,
reorganization or insolvency proceedings shall be instituted by or against such
other party.  Termination of this Agreement under this Section 7 terminates all
Purchasing Agreements and Licensed Product licenses granted hereunder.

7.4. Effect of Termination or Expiration.

Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement or a Purchasing Agreement, all
Licensed Product licenses and rights to use Confidential Information that are
granted thereunder shall terminate.  Upon termination of this Agreement or
expiration of the license term in any Purchasing Agreement, Customer will: (a)
promptly return to Black Duck or destroy the applicable Licensed Product and
Confidential Information and all copies and portions thereof, in all forms and
types of media; and (b) promptly pay all fees owing up to the date of
termination.

7.5. Survival.

Sections 1, 2.2, 2.4, 2.5, 3, 4.3, 5.3, 6, 7.2, 7.3 and 8 of the Agreement,
Section 6 of the SDK Addendum, and the Special Terms Addendum and the Hosting
Services Addendum, will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement
or of any Purchasing Agreement.


8. GENERAL.

8.1. Ownership of IP Rights.

Black Duck and its licensors own all patent rights, copyrights, trade secret
rights, mask works, and trademark rights (including service marks and trade
names), and any applications for these rights, in all countries ("Intellectual
Property Rights") in the Licensed Products and the Documentation.  Customer's
only rights in the Licensed Products and the Documentation are the rights
expressly granted in this Agreement; all other rights are reserved by Black
Duck.  Black Duck's licensors are third-party beneficiaries of, and thus may
enforce against Customer, the license restrictions and confidentiality
obligations in this Agreement with respect to their intellectual property and
proprietary information.

8.2. "Maintenance Services" means any standard Black Duck maintenance and
support services (excluding onsite support or consulting services referenced in
Section 8.3 below) related to the Licensed Product, where such services shall
be governed by the applicable Black Duck Maintenance Services terms attached to
this Agreement.  Except as indicated on an applicable Purchasing Agreement,
fees for Licensed Products include Black Duck Standard Maintenance Services for
the duration of the license term applicable to such Licensed Products. In the
event that the Black Duck Maintenance Services Terms are not included herein
(as an addendum hereto or otherwise), the terms for Black Duck Maintenance
Services are hereby incorporated herein by references, and are available at:
https://www.blackduck.com/company/legal/end-user-licenses.html.

8.3. Onsite Support Services; Customer Success; Hosting Services.

If Black Duck provides any Services (as defined in the attached Onsite Support
Services Terms Addendum, and excluding Maintenance Services referenced in
Section 8.1 above) to Customer, the Services shall be governed by the attached
Black Duck Onsite Support Services Terms.  In the event that the Black Duck
Onsite Support Services Terms are not attached to this Agreement, the terms for
Onsite Support Services, are hereby incorporated herein by reference, and are
available at:
https://www.blackduck.com/content/dam/black-duck/en-us/legal/onsite-services/blackduck-standard-onsite-support-services-terms.pdf.
Onsite Support Services or Customer Success program services that remain unused
at the end of the license term referenced in the applicable Purchasing
Agreement will be forfeited and Customer will not be entitled to any refund for
unused portions. If Black Duck provides any Hosting Services (as defined in the
attached Hosting Services Addendum) to Customer, the Hosting Services shall be
governed by the attached Hosting Services Addendum.

8.4. Software Development Kit.

For some Licensed Products, Black Duck provides a software development kit
("SDK") to Customer with the Licensed Product. Use of the SDK shall be governed
by the Black Duck SDK terms available at:
https://www.blackduck.com/company/legal/software-development-kit.html.

8.5. Export Control.

Customer agrees that it shall remain familiar and fully compliant with its
obligations under any and all laws, statutes, regulations, ordinances of any
local, state, federal, national, or other jurisdictional locality, as
applicable to the export, import, and/or end-use of the Licensed Product,
Services and Maintenance Services.  Licensed Products, Services and Maintenance
Services sold under this Agreement may be subject to various Export Control
Laws and Regulations including but not limited to, U.S. Export Administration
Regulations (EAR), the U.S. Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC), the
European Union (EU) Export Control Regime Regulation (EC) No. 428/2009, and/or
the EU Consolidated Sanctions List.  Where the Licensed Products or technology
is identified as export controlled from a country(ies) of export to (1) the
destination country(ies), (2) a restricted/proscribed end use, and/or (3) a
restricted end user, a government-issued export license must be obtained prior
to fulfillment under this Agreement and in accordance with applicable laws.
Customer agrees that Black Duck shall not be required to complete delivery of
export controlled products or technology unless and until all required export
licenses have been obtained.
 
8.6. Assignment.

Customer may not assign this Agreement, or any licenses granted hereunder, in
whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise. Any attempt to so assign
without such consent will be void and of no effect.  Subject to the foregoing,
this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each party's permitted
successors and assigns.

8.7. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.

This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of California excluding that body of laws known as conflicts of law.
The parties expressly agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for
the International Sale of Goods will not apply.  Any legal action or proceeding
arising under this Agreement will be brought exclusively in the federal or
state courts located in the Northern District of California and the parties
irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue therein.  Customer
agrees that the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act or any version
thereof, adopted by any state, in any form ("UCITA"), shall not apply to this
Agreement.  To the extent that UCITA is applicable, the parties agree to opt
out of the applicability of UCITA pursuant to the opt-out provision(s)
contained therein.

8.8. Verification and Audit.

In addition to the License Manager Data collected by the License Manager,
Customer will monitor and track access to and use of the Licensed Product. At
Black Duck's written request, Customer will furnish Black Duck with (a) a
certification signed by an authorized representative of Customer providing user
or access information that identifies whether the Licensed Product is being
used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and (b) log files from any
License Manager that regulates access to the Licensed Product.  Upon at least
thirty (30) days' prior written notice, Black Duck may engage, at its expense,
an independent auditor to audit Customer's use of the Licensed Product to
ensure that Customer is in compliance with the terms of this Agreement and the
applicable Purchasing Agreements.  Any such audit will be conducted during
regular business hours at Customer's facilities and will not unreasonably
interfere with Customer's business activities.  Customer will provide the
auditor with access to the relevant records and facilities.  If an audit
reveals that Customer has underpaid fees to Black Duck during the period
audited, then Black Duck will invoice Customer, and Customer will promptly pay
Black Duck for such underpaid fees based on Black Duck's price list in effect
at the time the audit is completed.  If the underpaid fees exceed five percent
(5%) of the license fees paid by Customer for the Licensed Product, then
Customer will also pay Black Duck's costs of conducting the audit.

8.9. Nonexclusive Remedy.

Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, the exercise by either party
of any of its remedies under this Agreement will be without prejudice to its
other remedies under this Agreement or otherwise.

8.10. Force Majeure.

Neither party will be responsible for any failure or delay in its performance
under this Agreement (except for any payment obligations) due to causes beyond
its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, labor disputes, strikes,
lockouts, shortages of or inability to obtain labor, energy, raw materials or
supplies, war, terrorism, riot, natural disasters or governmental action.

8.11. Notices.

All notices required or permitted under this Agreement will be in writing.
Notices will be effective upon delivery if delivered in person and upon mailing
if delivered by courier service, overnight delivery services or by a form of
certified or express mail.  Notices affecting this Agreement as a whole will be
sent to the address set forth above, if any, or to such other address of a
party as such party may identify in writing; notices related to a particular
transaction will be sent to the primary corporate addresses set forth in the
Purchasing Agreement or to such other address as Customer or Black Duck may
notify the other party in writing.

8.12. Entire Agreement; Modification; Interpretation.

This Agreement, including any Addenda hereto and any Statements of Work
attached thereto, and all accepted Purchasing Agreements referencing this
Agreement, constitute the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement
between the parties regarding its subject matter and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous agreements or understandings, written or oral, relating to its
subject matter.  Customer agrees that additional or different terms on
Customer's purchase order shall not apply.  Failure to enforce any provision of
this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that or
any other provision.  Any waiver, modification or amendment of this Agreement
will be effective only if in writing and signed by Customer and an authorized
representative of Black Duck.  If for any reason a court of competent
jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement invalid or unenforceable,
that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other
provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect.  The word
"including" when used in this Agreement will mean including without limitation
of the generality of any description, definition, term or phrase preceding that
word.

8.13. Government Users. 

If Customer is a branch or agency of the United States Government, or is
acquiring any Licensed Product on behalf of any branch or agency of the United
States Government, then the following provision applies.  The Licensed Products
and Documentation are comprised of "commercial computer software" and
"commercial computer software documentation," as such terms are used in 48
C.F.R. 12.212, and are provided to the Government (a) for acquisition by or on
behalf of civilian agencies, consistent with the policy set forth in 48 C.F.R.
12.212; or (b) for acquisition by or on behalf of units of the Department of
Defense, consistent with the policies set forth in 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 and
227.7202-3

8.14. Black Duck Entities.

Black Duck Software, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including, but not
limited to, Black Duck Software Limited, Black Duck Software Limited Taiwan
Branch, Black Duck Software G.K., and Black Duck Software Shanghai Limited.,
have agreed to their respective rights and obligations regarding the
distribution of the Licensed Products and the performance of obligations
related to the Licensed Products.  You acknowledge that: (a) Black Duck
Software, Inc. or any directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary or branch
of Black Duck Software, Inc. may treat a purchase order addressed to that
entity, representative office or branch as having been addressed to the
appropriate entity or entities or branch with distribution rights for the
geographic region in which the Licensed Products will be used; and (b) delivery
will be completed by the Black Duck entity or branch with distribution rights
for the geographic region in which the Licensed Products will be used or
service will be provided. For products used or services provided in a country
in the Americas, Israel or Africa or US dollar transactions in Russia or China
Mainland, the distributing Black Duck entity is Black Duck Software, Inc.,
based in California, USA.  For products used or services provided in Taiwan,
the distributing Black Duck entity is Black Duck Software Limited Taiwan
Branch, based in Taiwan. For products used or services provided in Japan, the
distributing Black Duck entity is Black Duck Software G. K., based in Japan.
For products used or services provided in China Mainland in Renminbi, the
distributing Black Duck entity is Black Duck Software Shanghai Limited, based
in China Mainland.  For products used or services provided in any country other
than those identified above, the distributing Black Duck entity is Black Duck
Software Limited based in Ireland.

8.15. Counterparts and Execution.

This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an
original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same
instrument.  An originally executed version of this Agreement or any Exhibit,
attachment and subsequent Purchasing Agreement (including, where applicable, a
Customer purchase order issued in response to a Purchasing Agreement where such
issuance constitutes execution), that is delivered by one party to the other
party, as evidence of signature, by facsimile, or by electronic mail after
having been scanned as an image file (including, Adobe PDF, TIF, etc.) shall,
for all purposes hereof, be deemed an original signature and neither party
shall have the right to object to the manner in which the Agreement was
executed as a defense to the enforcement of the Agreement. 

8.16. Controlling Language. 

This Agreement has been prepared, negotiated and signed in English, and English
is the controlling language of this Agreement.  Even if any other language
version is prepared, including the Japanese version of this document, such
version is for convenience purposes only and the English version shall prevail
if there is any difference between such version and English version.


END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS


MAINTENANCE SERVICES TERMS ADDENDUM


1. MAINTENANCE SERVICES.

"Maintenance Services" means the standard Maintenance and Support provided by
Black Duck to Customer as further described below.  Subject to Customer's
payment of applicable fees, Black Duck will provide the following standard
Maintenance Services to Customer for the period agreed by the parties in the
order documentation:

1.1	Maintenance and Support.

(a)	Maintenance. 

"Maintenance" means the provision by Black Duck to Customer of any Releases or
Workarounds that are made generally available by Black Duck to customers who
subscribe for Black Duck's Maintenance Services offering.  
(i) A Release will be one of the following: 
A "Major Release" means a specific edition of the Licensed Product that contains 
major functionality changes. The content and timing of all Major Releases will 
be determined by Black Duck in its sole discretion.
Major Releases are signified by version changes to the left of the decimal 
point (e.g. 2.0 -> 3.0) following the product name.  
A "Minor Release" means a specific edition of the Licensed Product that contains 
minor, but significant functionality changes and could include Licensed Product 
Updates. The content and timing of all Minor Releases will be determined by 
Black Duck in its sole discretion.  
Minor Releases are signified by version changes to the right of the decimal 
point (e.g. 2.5 -> 2.6) following the product name.  
(ii) "Workaround" means a Licensed Product patch, error correction, or feasible
change in operating procedures whereby the Licensed Product is made sufficiently 
functional so that Customer can continue to use the Licensed Product.  
Black Duck may provide Workarounds for a release to resolve a Service Issue 
for up to twelve (12) months after the earlier of 
(i) the date the subsequent Release is first made commercially available, and 
(ii) the date the current Release is no longer made available as a commercial 
offering by Black Duck.  
After such twelve (12) month period, Black Duck is not obligated to
provide Workarounds but will support Customer's update of the Licensed Product
to the latest Release.  Where Workarounds are to be delivered to resolve a
Service Issue, Black Duck will provide Customer with a single copy of a
Workaround on suitable media or shall make available the applicable Workaround
for download by Customer from Black Duck's web site.

(b)	Support.

"Support" means the e-mail and telephone technical services that Black Duck
offers regarding the use and function of the Licensed Product.  Black Duck will
provide Support and respond to Service Issues as further described below.  A
"Service Issue" is a Customer inquiry regarding the functionality or use of the
Licensed Product. Customer agrees that Black Duck's Support obligations
concerning the Licensed Product's use with third party products, including
compilers, operating systems and other Licensed Product, shall be limited to
those items set forth in the Documentation.  Service Issues are assigned a
classification at the time of Customer's initial contact with Black Duck, and
are classified according to the severity levels set forth below.  Black Duck
will initially respond in accordance with the response times applicable to
Service Issues reported by telephone or e-mail during Black Duck's regular
service hours for the applicable region as set forth below.  Failure to contact
Customer within the response time period because Customer is unavailable (e.g.,
phone busy, no answer, in a meeting, or out of the office) does not constitute
Black Duck's noncompliance with the response commitment.  Customer shall
cooperate with Black Duck to provide reproducible results for any errors
reported.  Black Duck's ability to provide Support will depend, in some cases,
on the ability of Customer's representatives to provide accurate and detailed
information and to aid Black Duck in handling a Service Issue. Customer shall
provide Black Duck with reasonable access to Customer systems, premises and
staff as needed to provide Support.

Black Duck will provide Support for each Release for at least eighteen (18)
months after the subsequent Release is first made commercially available. After
such period, Black Duck will provide Support, as needed, to Customer to update
its use of the Licensed Product to the latest Release of the Licensed Product.


Service Issue Classification Response Time

Next Steps 

Severity P1 - Critical
Business Impact: Licensed Product is not functioning or is stopped or severely
impacted so that Customer cannot reasonably continue use of Licensed Product
and no Workaround is available.  

One business day 
Once the Service Issue is verified, Black Duck will engage 
development staff during Black Duck's business hours (but in no event later 
than 12 hours after the Service Issue is verified) until a Workaround is achieved.

Severity P2 - Major Business Impact: Licensed Product is functioning 
inconsistently causing significantly impaired Customer usage and productivity, 
such as periodic work stoppages and feature crashes.

One business day 
Once the Service Issue is verified, Black Duck will engage development staff
during Black Duck's business hours (but in no event later than 24 hours after
the Service Issue is verified) until a Workaround is achieved.  

Severity P3 - Minor Business Impact: Licensed Product is functioning 
inconsistently causing slightly impaired Customer usage and productivity but 
Customer can work around such inconsistency or impairment.  

Two business days 
Once the Service Issue is verified, Black Duck will consider a Workaround, 
if appropriate in Black Duck's sole discretion, and Licensed Product enhancements 
for such Service Issue for inclusion in a subsequent Release.  

Severity P4 - No Business Impact: Licensed Product is functioning consistently 
but Customer requests minor changes in Licensed Product such as Documentation 
updates, cosmetic defects or enhancements.  

Three business days 

Once contact has been made with Customer, Black Duck will consider Licensed Product 
enhancements for inclusion in a subsequent Release.

(c)	Customer Point of Contact.

Customer will designate a specific individual to be the primary point of
contact for Maintenance Service communications with Black Duck and will deliver
contact information for such individual to Black Duck's support team.

1.2 Exclusions to Maintenance Services.

Maintenance Services do not include the right to access new or bundled product
offerings made available by Black Duck, unless licenses for such offerings are
separately purchased.  Black Duck will not have any obligation to provide
Maintenance Services for problems in the operation or performance of the
Licensed Product to the extent caused by any of the following: 
(a) modifications to the Licensed Product made by a party other than Black Duck;
(b) Customer's use of the Licensed Product other than as authorized by the
applicable agreement licensing the Licensed Product to Customer or as provided
in the Documentation; or 
(c) Customer's use of releases other than those releases of the Licensed Product 
covered by Maintenance Services, 
(d) Customer's failure to use any error corrections or updates thereto provided by
Black Duck to address such problem, or 
(e) use of scripts or other deliverables provided to Customer under On-Site 
Support services.  
If, in its sole discretion, Black Duck determines that a problem in the operation 
or performance of the Licensed Product is caused by the foregoing, then Black Duck
will notify Customer promptly and have no further Maintenance Service
obligations related to such problem. If Customer requests services beyond
standard Maintenance Services, Black Duck will have the right to invoice
Customer at Black Duck's then-current published time and materials rates for
the provision of such services.


2.	HOURS OF SERVICE AND CONTACT INFORMATION.

For Customers located in Europe: Contact us by: At During Email Phone

tech-support@blackduck.com +44 (0) 1276 400352 9:00 - 17:00 UK time 9:00 -
17:00 UK time

For Japanese-language support: Contact us by: At During Email Phone

tech-support-japan@blackduck.com +81-03-6746-3666 9am - 5pm JST 9am - 5pm JST

For Korean-language support: Contact us by: At During Email Phone

tech-support-korea@blackduck.com +82-2-3404-9332 9am - 5pm KST 9am - 5pm KST

For Mandarin-language support: Contact us by: At During Email Phone

tech-support-china@blackduck.com +86-4006-966-606 9am - 5pm CST 9am - 5pm CST

For Customers located in India: Contact us by: At During Phone

+91.80.4018.5502 9:00 - 17:00 IST

For all other Customers: Contact us by: At During Web Email Phone Submit a
Support Case

tech-support@blackduck.com +1 415.321.5239 7am - 6pm Pacific Time 7am - 6pm
Pacific Time 7am - 6pm Pacific Time

All contact information is subject to change upon notice from Black Duck.
Closed on public holidays.


3.	GENERAL. 

These terms and conditions contain the parties' entire agreement concerning
Maintenance Services. Customer agrees that additional or different terms on
Customer's purchase order shall not apply. Any waiver, modification or
amendment of these terms and conditions will be effective only if in writing
and signed by an authorized representative of Customer and Black Duck.

END OF MAINTENANCE SERVICES TERMS ADDENDUM 


ONSITE SUPPORT SERVICES TERMS ADDENDUM


1. SERVICES

1.1. Services.

In connection with Customer's use of the Licensed Product, Customer may retain
Black Duck to provide Customer with the services set out in the applicable
Purchasing Agreement, Customer Success Package and/or Statement of Work
(collectively the "Services"). 

1.2. Purchasing Agreements; Statements of Work. 

To order Services, Customer shall enter into 
(a) written statements of work (each a "Statement of Work") identifying 
the Services or 
(b) Purchasing Agreements identifying the Services to be performed.  

Each Purchasing Agreement and/or Statement of Work must reference this Agreement.

1.3. Performance of Services..

The Services shall be performed solely in relation to the licenses to the
Licensed Product granted by Black Duck to Customer under the Agreement.
Nothing in this Addendum grants Customer any rights to the Licensed Product
other than as explicitly stated herein. 
If Black Duck personnel are working on Customer's premises: 
(a) Customer will provide a safe and secure working environment for such 
personnel; and 
(b) Black Duck will comply with all reasonable workplace safety and security 
standards and policies that are applicable to Customer's employees and of which 
Customer notifies Black Duck in writing and in advance of the commencement 
of any Services.

1.4. Customer Responsibilities. 

Customer will provide Black Duck with access to Customer's sites and facilities
during Customer's normal business hours as reasonably required by Black Duck to
perform the Services.  Customer will also make available to Black Duck any
data, information and any other materials reasonably required by Black Duck to
perform the Services, including, but not limited to, any data, information or
materials specifically identified in the Statement of Work (collectively,
"Customer Materials").

1.5. Relationship of the Parties. 

Black Duck is performing the Services as an independent contractor, not as an
employee, agent, joint venturer or partner of Customer.  Black Duck
acknowledges and agrees that its personnel are not eligible for or entitled to
receive any compensation, benefits or other incidents of employment that
Customer makes available to its employees. Accordingly, for a period of twelve
(12) months following the completion of the Services, Customer agrees not to
directly or indirectly solicit for employment any Black Duck employees or
contractors engaged in the performance of the Services, provided that a job
posting available to the general public shall not be deemed such a solicitation.


2. FEES AND EXPENSES. 

Customer will pay Black Duck fees in accordance with the terms set forth in the
applicable Purchasing Agreement or Statement of Work.  In addition, Customer
will reimburse Black Duck for all reasonable and customary travel, lodging and
other related expenses incurred by Black Duck or its personnel in connection
with the performance of the Services upon being provided with receipts and
other documentation for all such expenses.


3. OWNERSHIP.

Material and associated intellectual property rights developed by a party prior
to or outside of the scope of a Customer Success Package, Statement of Work or
Purchasing Agreement ("Pre-Existing Material") shall be, as between the
parties, owned by the developing party. Black Duck shall own all rights, title
and interest in all scripts, methodologies, processes, and documentation, and
all intellectual property rights therein, developed during the provision of the
Services involving (i) implementation or installation of Licensed Products into
Customer's environment, (ii) configuration of workflow or reporting
capabilities of the Licensed Product, and (iii) optimization of the use of the
Licensed Product in Customer's environment (collectively, the "Black Duck-Owned
Work Product"). Black Duck hereby grants to Customer, for the license term
applicable to the Licensed Product licensed to Customer under the applicable
Purchasing Agreement, a nonexclusive, worldwide, right to use, reproduce and
create derivative works of any Pre-Existing Material owned by Black Duck and
incorporated into deliverables of the Services, and the Black Duck-Owned Work
Product, for Customer's internal business purposes to aid in Customer's use of
Licensed Product licensed by it.


4. SERVICES WARRANTY. 

Black Duck warrants that the Services will be performed in a professional and
workmanlike manner consistent with applicable industry standards.  Ift Black
Duck receives from Customer a written notice of the Service's non-conformance
with the provisions set forth in this Section 4, Black Duck will, as Customer's
sole and exclusive remedy and Black Duck' entire liability for any breach of
the foregoing warranty, at Black Duck's sole option and expense, promptly
re-perform the Services or refund to Customer the fees paid for the Services.
THE FOREGOING STATES CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR WARRANTY CLAIMS
RELATED TO THE SERVICES.


END OF ONSITE SUPPORT SERVICES TERM ADDENDUM


SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ADDENDUM


1. SEEKER; DEFENSICS.

If Customer has purchased a license to the Licensed Products known as either
Seeker ("Seeker") or Defensics ("Defensics"), the following additional terms
apply: 

1.1. Seeker

1.1.1. Use in Test Environment Only. 

SEEKER IS AN AUTOMATED TESTING SOLUTION DESIGNED TO BE USED IN NON-PRODUCTION
ENVIRONMENTS ONLY.  As part of the processes completed by Seeker, Seeker will
automatically generate requests to the applicable Customer website, thus
activating various website and associated database operations.  Such processes
may add to, modify, tamper with, and /or delete any persistent data contained
in such site or in such database.  CUSTOMER IS HEREBY ADVISED TO EXCLUDE ALL
WEBSITES FOR WHICH CUSTOMER DOES NOT WANT SEEKER TO PERFORM SUCH OPERATIONS.
SUCH OPERATIONS MAY ALSO BE DISABLED FROM THE SETTINGS->TEST/GENERAL SCREEN. 

1.1.2. Purpose; Data Modification; Data Collection.

Customer understands that Seeker is software that conducts certain tests by (i)
gathering data and information from the environments, websites, software
products, databases, and servers in which it operates and potentially saving
such data and information in the database of Seeker, and (ii) potentially
changing, deleting, or otherwise altering such data and information.  Customer
further understands that Seeker is designed to be used solely as part of a
development and test environments, which are not production environments.

1.1.3. Use of Customer End User Information.

Seeker uses sample end user data (including names, passwords, addresses,
account numbers, credit card numbers and other data) that has been created for
use in the operations performed by Seeker ("Test/Form Data").  Customer end
user data used in Customer's production website, database and server
environment may contain Personally Identifiable Information (as defined under
U.S. law), Personal Data (as defined under European Union law and the
implementing regulations of its member states) and other data regulated by U.S.
and international law (collectively, "Regulated Data").  In the event that
Customer provides Black Duck access to such Regulated Data for purposes of the
performance of Black Duck Maintenance Services or otherwise, as between Black
Duck and Customer, Black Duck shall be deemed a data processor and Customer
shall be deemed the data controller with respect to such Regulated Data.
CUSTOMER IS HEREBY ADVISED TO USE THE SUPPLIED TEST/FORM DATA ONLY IN THE
OPERATION OF SEEKER. CUSTOMER IS HEREBY FURTHER ADVISED THAT THE USE OF
REGULATED DATA IN SEEKER OPERATIONS IS A VIOLATION OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THIS AGREEMENT. IN THE EVENT THAT CUSTOMER USES REGULATED DATA IN SEEKER
OPERATIONS, CUSTOMER SHALL HOLD BLACK DUCK HARMLESS FROM ANY LIABLITY RESULTING
FROM SUCH USE. 

1.1.4. Credit Card Usage.

As part of Seeker's operations, Seeker will automatically test credit card
forms, creating credit card transactions using such credit card forms using
Test/Form Data.  CUSTOMER SHALL BE SOLELY RESONSIBLE TO ENSURE THAT ANY ALL
TESTED ENVIRONMENTS, APPLICATIONS, DATABASES, AND SERVERS CONTAIN TEST/FORM
DATA ONLY.  CUSTOMER IS HEREBY ADVISED TO USE TEST CREDIT CARD FORMS ONLY, AND
TO DISCONNECT TESTED WEBSITES FROM PRODUCTION TRANSACTION SERVERS PRIOR TO
TESTING.  SUCH OPERATIONS MAY ALSO BE DISABLED FROM THE SETTINGS->TEST/GENERAL
SCREEN.  BLACK DUCK SHALL BEAR NO LIABILITY FOR AND CUSTOMER SHALL BE SOLELY
RESPONSIBLE FOR AND SHALL HOLD BLACK DUCK HARMLESS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
CUSTOMER-INITIATED CREDIT CARD TRANSACTIONS RESULTING FROM THE USE OF ANY DATA
OTHER THAN TEST/FORM DATA IN THE OPERATION OF SEEKER.

1.2. Defensics 

1.2.1. Use in Test Environment Only. 

DEFENSICS IS AN automated TESTING SOLUTION DESIGNED TO BE USED IN
NON-PRODUCTION ENVIRONMENTS ONLY.  As part of the processes completed by
Defensics, Defensics will automatically test specific protocols of Customer
software identified by Customer.  Such protocols may add to, modify, tamper
with, and /or delete portions of the software under test, and may disable
software functionality in production environments.  CUSTOMER IS HEREBY ADVISED
NOT TO USE DEFENSICS IN ANY PRODUCTION ENVIRONMENT. 


2. DISCLAIMER. 

CUSTOMER IS NOT LICENSED TO USE SEEKER OR DEFENSICS IN PRODUCTION ENVIRONMENTS;
IN THE EVENT THAT CUSTOMER USES EITHER SEEKER OR DEFENSICS IN PRODUCTION
ENVIRONMENTS, BLACK DUCK SHALL BEAR NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR SUCH USES AND
CUSTOMER SHALL BEAR ALL LIABILITY FOR SUCH USES AND SHALL HOLD BLACK DUCK
HARMLESS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY LIABILITY RESULTING FROM SUCH CUSTOMER USES.


END OF SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ADDENDUM


HOSTING SERVICES ADDENDUM


1.	DEFINITIONS.

1.1	"Hosted Software" means the software described in the applicable
Purchasing Agreement that Black Duck will provision hosting services for on
behalf of Customer under the terms of this Hosting Services Addendum.

1.2	"Hosting Services" means the services related to the Hosted Software
described in this Hosting Services Addendum.

2.	Hosting Services Description. 

During the term set forth in Section 3 below, Black Duck shall provision
Hosting Services on behalf of Customer as follows: Black Duck will be
responsible for managing the set-up, configuration and hosting of the Hosted
Software including, but not limited to, managing the installation of all
revisions, new versions, and updates to the Hosted Software. 


3.	POST-TERMINATION HOSTING.

Black Duck will permit Customer to access the Hosted Software for a maximum of
thirty (30) days post termination of the Agreement or the applicable Purchasing
Agreement, as applicable, for the limited purpose of accessing and downloading
any Customer data retained therein. 


4.	HOSTING SERVICES PERFORMANCE WARRANTY. 

4.1	Uptime.

Black Duck will (a) have at least 99.5% uptime ("Service Availability"), as
measured monthly, excluding planned downtime and any time necessary to
implement updates, upgrades or modification to the Hosted Software, and (b) not
experience more than two (2) instances of unscheduled downtime of more than one
(1) hour each in any rolling thirty (30) day period. Routine updates to the
Hosted Software are scheduled once per month on a Sunday, typically between the
hours of 4 am and 8 am (Eastern US time zone).

4.2	Exclusions.

This Service Availability warranty shall not apply in the event of any
interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital transmission links
outside of Black Duck's network, Internet network congestion outside of Black
Duck's network or other failures outside of Black Duck's network.


5.	Limitation of Liability. 

EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS SERVICE AVAILABILITY WARRANTY STATED IN SECTION 4, THIS
HOSTING SERVICES ADDENDUM DOES NOT CREATE ANY OTHER REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY
RELATED TO THE AVAILABILITY, ACCESSIBILITY, OR USEABILITY OF THE HOSTED
SOFTWARE.  THE REMEDIES STATED IN THE AGREEMENT ARE CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR BLACK DUCK'S FAILURE TO MEET THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH
HEREIN. 


6.	ENTIRE ADDENDUM. 

The parties acknowledge that they have had previous discussions related to
Black Duck's performance of the Hosting Services for Customer.  This Addendum
constitutes the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between the
parties on the subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
agreements or understandings, written or oral, relating to the Agreement or
this Addendum.

END OF HOSTING SERVICES ADDENDUM


EXECUTION COPY

End User Software License and Maintenance Agreement (EULM) v2024.2 (Americas
Israel Africa) 
